[music]
So
I want to go back to what I [music]
consider to be the fundamentals here
which we started with I hope calm the
spirit return to the source and that
pushpull is the most tangible [music]
form of that but as you listen to the
impulse to breathe and your sense of
this [music] feelings gets subtler and
subtler and subtler you begin to get
messages that You aren't even sure
you're hearing something at first and
then [music] you kind of get a sense of
something and then you know uh it it a
trickle becomes a stream becomes a river
goes to the ocean or something like
that. Calm the spirit return to the
source.
[music] It's a great love omnipresent at
all times and quarters of the universe.
There is no enemy of love. There is no
discord in love.
Iikido is the realization of love.
So I'll leave it there for now. Let's go
to um our earlier practice a little bit
just to remember it. Our
listening practice
and again I wouldn't normally stay on
the line but again add a punch. It
doesn't take that much
before you're off the line. It doesn't
need uh [music]
it doesn't need to be a big move. It
could be
a small move will usually do it. Anyhow,
so whatever you're
working on and
don't stop listening. Uh don't what we
call Mr. Hyde. Don't let Mr. Hyde come
out. Uh,
thank you.
listening listening and hopefully
hopefully you're listening already.
Not Oh, now better now than never.
But see, he's about to attack
and so I'm listening already.
You okay on that?
Your turn.
>> [music]